# Towards A.T.E.N.A.: Deep Reinforcement Learning for Generalized Portfolio Management

Due to the involvement of proprietary data owned by Wavenure SRL, I am unable to share the project's codebase publicly. However, this repository contains the comprehensive PDF of my thesis, which details: <br>
- The project's background and significance
- An overview of the methodologies employed
- A discussion on the findings and their implications
- Conclusions and recommendations for future work

Machine Learning (ML) has been successfully applied in many different areas of finance to overcome some of the limitations of traditional financial methods. However, portfolio management poses new challenges that can't be fully addressed by the more standard supervised approach, therefore a different solution is discussed. Reinforcement Learning (RL) is a subfield of ML where an agent is trained to solve a problem of sequential decision-making and act within an environment to reach an objective. When paired with deep learning architectures, this field is termed Deep RL. Deep RL has demonstrated remarkable performance across multiple tasks, including portfolio management. However, most of the existing implementations are tailored to predetermined sets of assets, and therefore do not aim to solve the problem of Generalized Portfolio Management (GPM). Thus, a novel agent is proposed to test Deep RL for GPM on the stock market: an All-Trading Equity Neural Agent (A.T.E.N.A.). This thesis performs a comparative study across different deep learning architectures and reward mechanisms with the aim of training an agent capable of generalizing its knowledge to manage portfolios containing any stock. Then, out-of-sample evaluations are carried out, providing evidence that this early implementation of A.T.E.N.A. significantly outperforms established benchmark strategies for the task, further underscoring the importance of research in this field. <br>
